
### Why This Public-Private Tech Darling Is Currently Among The Best Names To Watch
7/11/2025

https://www.investors.com/research/the-new-america/ubiquiti-stock-public-private-stock-market-darling-name-to-watch/


A bet on Ubiquiti (UI), the maker of wireless networking gear, is a bet on the former Apple (AAPL) engineer behind the company, Robert Pera. The founder and chief executive owns more than 90% of shares and rarely sells any of his position even as Ubiquiti stock has ramped up 293% since bottoming in late 2023.

New York-based Ubiquiti claims it is currently "focused on democratizing network technology on a global scale." Ubiquiti's previous slogan was that it "aims to connect everyone to everything." The technology company looks to meet these lofty ambitions by manufacturing wireless data communication products for enterprise and wireless broadband providers.

Ubiquiti has branched out from being a provider of internet services in rural areas to selling networking gear, such as routers, for internet connectivity in the enterprise market. More recently, its UniFi product line also has been gaining traction with customers.

"Internet traffic worldwide has grown rapidly in recent years, driven by an increase in the number of users, increasing mobility of those users and high bandwidth applications, such as video, audio, cloud-based applications, online gaming and social networking," the company said in a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing at the end of fiscal year 2024. "Wireless networks have emerged as an attractive alternative for addressing the broadband access needs of underserved and underpenetrated markets in both emerging and developed countries."

Some investors may be familiar with the company's former ticker, UBNT. In August 2019, Ubiquiti stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange as UI, moving from the Nasdaq. The company changed its name from Ubiquiti Networks.

Ubiquiti was also recently an IBD Stock of the Day as the stock has gained 22% in 2025. For other top stocks, investors can keep tabs on the IBD Leaderboard watchlist, the IBD 50 list of top growth stocks and IBD SwingTrader along with the IBD Sector Leaders list.

Ubiquiti Stock: Enterprise Market Growth
Founded in 2005, Ubiquiti initially made wireless network gear to provide internet services in rural U.S. areas and overseas. In U.S. rural areas, wireless internet service providers use unlicensed radio spectrum. However, it has since branched out to other markets.

Ubiquiti started selling networking gear in the enterprise market in 2011. A few years ago, Ubiquiti disrupted the wireless networking gear market with large price discounts.

The company is also known for slimmed down operations with the majority of its human capital resources consisting of "entrepreneurial and decentralized research and development personnel," according to an SEC filing. Ubiquiti also does not have a "traditional" direct sales team and relies on brand awareness through online reviews and publications, its website, distributors and its user community.

Between this, and utilizing low-cost hardware and innovative software and firmware, Ubiquiti aims to keep margins high compared to competitors.

In its fiscal third quarter that ended March 31, Ubiquiti reported adjusted earnings of $3 a share, up 28%, while revenue rose 35% to $664.2 million. Enterprise revenue climbed nearly 42% to $586 million.

Meanwhile, Ubiquiti stock has outperformed the S&P 500 index since May.

"Despite continued strength in enterprise and the fact that we continue to expect double digit revenue growth in the business this fiscal year, we expect the segment could see heightened competition moving forward," Barclays analyst Tim Long said in a recent note to clients.

"Higher shipping costs continue to pressure the business and we expect higher tariff costs to materially pressure margins (and potentially cause demand erosion) moving forward," Long added, following the May 9 third-quarter earnings release.

Ubiquiti contracts manufacturers primarily located in Vietnam and China for its products. Both countries have been targeted by President Donald Trump's tariff policies.

In rural areas, Ubiquiti faces more competition from fiber-optic network buildouts subsidized by the U.S. government as well as satellite-based internet services, Long added.

Ubiquiti did not respond to requests for comment.

#### Big Market Cap But Not Much Coverage

Despite having a market cap of more than $24 billion, only three analysts cover the company, all with mixed opinions. Of the limited analyst coverage, Ubiquiti has an average hold rating with a price target of 343.50, according to FactSet.

Meanwhile, on July 1, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) closed its $14 billion acquisition of Ubiquiti-rival Juniper Networks (JNPR). Hewlett Packard and Juniper settled a Department of Justice antitrust lawsuit aimed at blocking the merger on June 28.

As part of the settlement, Hewlett Packard agreed to divest its global Instant On wireless networking switch business which targets small offices and retail locations. It competes with Ubiquiti's UniFi products. Ubiquiti could see upside from the Hewlett Packard divestiture.

#### Eggs In One Basket

While Ubiquiti is a publicly traded company, the bulk of stock ownership is in the hands of Pera, the founder, CEO and chairman. Pera owns more than 90% of shares.

With the vast majority of shares resting in one man, investing in Ubiquiti could be viewed as a bet on Pera's vision for the company. However, it should be noted that Ubiquiti also does not operate like a typical publicly traded entity in that it no longer holds earnings conference calls, and its communication with the investment community is minimal, limited mostly to SEC filings. Pera also rarely speaks publicly or grants interviews to members of the media.

Ubiquiti noted in its 10-K annual federal filing that Pera "is central to our business."

However, Pera rarely has sold his Ubiquiti stock. Based on a thorough review of SEC filings, Pera has sold shares of Ubiquiti stock only twice since the company's inception.

Pera began as an engineer at Apple in 2003 but left after just two years and founded Ubiquiti. The initial public offering launched in 2011, making him a billionaire.

"I realized I wanted to have more success faster," Pera said in a 2012 Forbes interview.

In June 2012, Pera reached an agreement in principle to buy the Memphis Grizzlies and, in October 2012, the NBA Board of Governors approved the sale, which was officially finalized for approximately $377 million. However, Pera did not appear to sell any Ubiquiti shares to fund the purchase.

#### Covid-19 Boosts Ubiquiti

During the Covid-19 pandemic, Ubiquiti stock was boosted by strong demand for internet services in rural U.S. areas and overseas amid coronavirus lockdowns and the need for internet connectivity.

In 2020, Ubiquiti stock advanced 47% before gaining another 10% in 2021. However, shares then retreated around 11% in 2022 and sank 49% in 2023, giving back its Covid-19 era advance.

While Covid-19 meant a demand surge for Ubiquiti, the company was hit by supply issues. Ubiquiti had a significant increase to its backlog of unfulfilled orders in fiscal 2022.

Amid pandemic-forced lockdowns, Ubiquiti's fiscal-year profit grew 24% in 2020 and 65% in 2021.

However, profit declined 37% in 2022, falling from the highs in the heart of the pandemic.

Since bottoming at 103 in November 2023, Ubiquiti stock has marched close to 300% higher to current levels. The stock also hit a record high of 469.98 on Feb. 7, 2025, but retreated 14% in the intervening months.

In fiscal 2024, Ubiquiti's earnings fell 14% to $5.87 per share. But analysts consensus forecast is 64% earnings growth in 2025 to $9.65 a share, according to FactSet. By 2027, analysts expect fiscal-year profit to surpass the $9.77 per share total from 2021.

Ubiquiti Stock Performance
Meanwhile, Ubiquiti stock has recently rebounded from its 50-day moving average as well as its 21-day exponential moving average. The stock is down slightly so far in July after rallying 25% over the past two months.

Ubiquiti stock is forming a cup base with a 465 buy point. Investors could also interpret the chart as a deep cup with handle with an identical buy point. Although shares more than tripled from a flat-base breakout a year ago, the 46% decline earlier this year reset Ubiquiti's base count. It is now in a more favorable first-stage base.

Shares have gained roughly 22% this year, just behind the pace of the Investor's Business Daily-tracked 19-stock Telecom-Infrastructure industry group's roughly 30% advance. Broadly, IBD-tracked telecom stocks include Austin, Texas-based Aviat Networks (AVNW); Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.-based Dycom Industries (DY); and Hickory, N.C., headquartered CommScope (COMM) among others.

Ubiquiti stock has a 21-day average true range of 3.1%. The ATR metric, available on IBD's MarketSurge charting tool, gauges the characteristic breadth of a stock's behavior. Stocks that tend to make large jumps or dives in daily stock market action, the kind that can trigger sell rules and shake investors out of a stock, have a high ATR. Stocks that tend to make more incremental moves have lower ATRs.

Ubiquiti stock has a robust 92 Composite Rating out of a best-possible 99. The stock also has a strong 94 Relative Strength Rating and an 88 EPS Rating.

Please follow Kit Norton on X @KitNorton for more coverage.

Institutional Investors

- SW Investment - 0.48%
- AQR Capital Management - 0.38%
- Renaissance Technologies - 0.34%
- Black Rock - 0.34%

---

### IBD Stock of the Day   
7/2/2025

https://www.investors.com/research/ibd-stock-of-the-day/ubiquiti-stock-enterprise-market-hpe-juniper/

Ubiquiti is the IBD Stock of the Day as the maker of wireless networking gear forges a new entry point. Ubiquiti stock has gained 22% in 2025 as the company's enterprise business gains traction.

On the stock market today, Ubiquiti shares gained a fraction to close at 411.72. In another development, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) on Tuesday closed its $14 billion acquisition of Ubiquiti rival Juniper Networks (JNPR).

Hewlett Packard and Juniper settled a Department of Justice antitrust lawsuit aimed at blocking a merger on Saturday.

As part of the settlement, Hewlett Packard agreed to divest its global Instant On wireless networking switch business which targets small offices and retail locations. It competes with Ubiquiti's UniFi products. Ubiquiti could see upside from the Hewlett Packard divestiture.

Meanwhile, Ubiquiti stock has rebounded from its 50-day moving average as well as its 21-day exponential moving average. It holds an early buy point at 417.74.

From an earlier cup-with-handle base, there's a standard entry point of 465.

#### Ubiquiti Stock: Enterprise Market Growth

Founded in 2005, Ubiquiti initially made wireless network gear to provide internet services in rural U.S. areas and overseas. In U.S. rural areas, wireless internet service providers use unlicensed radio spectrum.

Ubiquiti started selling networking gear in the enterprise market in 2011. More recently, its UnFi product line also has been gaining traction with enterprise customers.

In its fiscal third quarter that ended March 31, Ubiquiti reported adjusted earnings of $3 a share, up 28%, while revenue rose 35% to $664.2 million. Enterprise revenue climbed nearly 42% to $586 million.

"Despite continued strength in enterprise and the fact that we continue to expect double digit revenue growth in the business this fiscal year, we expect the segment could see heightened competition moving forward," Barclays analyst Tim Long said in a recent note to clients.

He added: "Higher shipping costs continue to pressure the business and we expect higher tariff costs to materially pressure margins (and potentially cause demand erosion) moving forward."

In rural areas, Ubiquiti faces more competition from fiber-optic network buildouts subsidized by the U.S. government as well as satellite-based internet services, Long said.

#### Ubiquiti Technical Ratings

Further, Investor's Business Daily gives Ubiquiti stock a Composite Rating of 96 out of a best-possible 99, according to IBD Stock Checkup. IBD's Composite Rating combines five separate proprietary ratings into one easy-to-use rating. The best growth stocks have a Composite Rating of 90 or better.

Also, Ubiquiti stock has an Accumulation/Distribution Rating of C. That rating analyzes price and volume changes in a stock over the past 13 weeks of trading. Its current rating indicates more funds are buying than selling.

The rating, on an A+ to E scale, measures institutional buying and selling in a stock. A+ signifies heavy institutional buying, E means heavy selling. Think of the C grade as neutral.

Lastly, Ubiquiti stock holds an average true range mark of 3.11%. The ATR metric, available on IBD's MarketSurge charting tool, offers some guidance amid market volatility. It gauges the characteristic breadth of a stock's behavior.

#### Ubiquiti Stock Shifts Exchanges

Stocks that tend to make large jumps or dives in daily action, the kind that can trigger sell rules and shake investors out of a stock, have a high ATR. Further, stocks that tend to make more incremental moves have lower ATRs.

IBD generally suggests stocks with 21-day ATRs of 8% or better.

Some investors may be familiar with the company's former ticker, UBNT. In August 2019, Ubiquiti stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange as UI, moving from the Nasdaq. The company changed its name from Ubiquiti Networks.

Follow Reinhardt Krause on X,    
formerly Twitter,    
@reinhardtk_tech for updates on   
artificial intelligence, cybersecurity and cloud computing.  
